[Music]
don't see the sender have the glitchet
and ot livers
[Music]
[Applause]
Wow what a reaction
we quani doesn't sound right he pulls
that out the back goodness me talk about
being thrown in the deep end oh I'm
sorry I'm not surprised are we oh my god
well are we not happy you stepped in
[Applause]
seriously you have good assets guys I'm
talking
[Applause]
stop I'm talking about that spine I'm
talking about that hip rotation I'm
talking about that pools in this in your
body
rhythmic he'll that was so fun
you are strong but you have really the
right amount of quantity so you're like
bam bam and it gets there your art that
was so fun
to what I enjoyed that I love that oh my
god it was electrifying I'm a little bit
lost for words I'm the oldest here so
darling I need my fan of my beads but
nevermind your synchronized you're
coordinated you're powerful but you've
got something else as well it's very
difficult for a man to be in touch with
his feminine side and you are in touch
with yours so the sensual way that you
touch let me tell you to be a great
dancer to be a great masculine dancer
you have to be in touch with your
feminine side you understand not only
about your own body movements but that
of your partner you are out standing
[Applause]
here we go
this hongki's on fire
[Applause]
a chain reaction of hot flashes anything
calm down is required
[Applause]
this is the best Samba I have seen on a
debut show here in America in Australia
[Applause]
your hands bothered me
the wells absolutely needs work hits on
the hole
stationary Samba was very jagged but God
works in mysterious ways
amazing
well the judges
booty
[Applause]
Kelvin while you were dancing Kevin
Clifton came up to me and he went
genuinely he needs to teach me some of
that you should only ever have two weeks
notice for everything did you love that
yeah it was there's a scariest thing
I've ever done but it was just sucker
crying so just absolutely overjoyed I
really am he was regardless of the
comments it was just good to you build
up some for two weeks and then release
it but you both have exactly the same
work ethic genui believe you only lunch
at 4:00 I mean it sometimes don't get it
I mean she works very hard okay fair
enough all right
scores Rick ladies and gentlemen the
judges have their scores krieg Revel
Horwood eight
[Applause]
Bruno Tonioli
so in five years
[Music]